<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="BlockUI"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            This example shows how to use "autoShow" mode activated by setting "autoShow" attribute to true.
            Another features are "event" and "targetSelector" attributes. Attribute "event" specifies which events should be listen.
            Skipping "event" means we are not interested in any events. That means all events of the source component cause a blocking of the target component(s).
            Only events specified by p:ajax are supported. PrimeFaces components can also send ajax requests without p:ajax, but such events are internal and not exposed.
            We don't support such events intentional. Attribute "targetSelector" allows to specify several targets and HTML elements to be blocked.
            This is a quite normally jQuery selector. To block the entire page use targetSelector="document" please.
            Try to expand, select, unselect a tree node on the left side or click on any checkbox on the right side.
        </h:panelGroup>

        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <ui:include src="/sections/blockui/example-blockUIAutoShow.xhtml"/>
        </h:panelGroup>

        <ui:decorate template="/templates/twoTabsDecorator.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/blockui/example-blockUIAutoShow.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/blockui/FileSystemController.java')}

${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/blockui/AccessRightsController.java')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/blockui/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="blockUI"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
