<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Spotlight"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            Spotlight allows you to restrict input to a particular element by masking all other page content.
            It allows to block UI elements that are placed out of panel.
            This component is suitable for situation where user is not able to work with UI components
            (e.g. menu) before he/she commits changes in panel content.
            <p/>
            Imagine situation where you have more forms (areas) in one page. Elements in forms
            are in readonly mode until you click edit button, and then you can change values and
            save it. Problem occurs when data in form have influence on other parts of application
            so it’s necessary to finish editing of data otherwise user is not able to use the application
            (user can not click to menu, or start editing other area).
            <p/>
            There will have to be disabled all dependent parts of application elements during
            editing data in form, or opened form in MODAL POPUP panel without usage of Spotlight.
            MODAL POPUP panel solution is acceptable but POPUP in general is not user friendly
            because content is moved to center and popup panel has title and bordered.
        </h:panelGroup>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/spotlight/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="spotlight"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
