<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Timeline"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            The Timeline is an interactive visualization chart to visualize events in time.
            The time scale on the axis is adjusted automatically and supports scales ranging from milliseconds to years.
            Timeline events can take place on a single date, or have a start and end date (a range).
            You can freely move and zoom in the timeline by dragging and scrolling in the timeline component.
            <p/>
            Events in the timeline can be created, edited, and deleted when the timeline is defined as editable.
            <ul>
                <li>Events can be moved to another time by dragging them.</li>
                <li>When an event with a date range is selected, it has a drag area on the left and right side, with which the start or end dates of the event can be manipulated.</li>
                <li>By double clicking, the contents of an event can be changed.</li>
                <li>An event can be deleted by clicking the delete button on the upper right.</li>
                <li>A new event can be added in different ways: by double clicking in the timeline, or by keeping the Ctrl key down and clicking or dragging in the timeline, or by clicking the "Add" button in the timeline.</li>
            </ul>
            Timeline has features such as editable and read-only events, event's grouping, configurable zoom range, min. / max. dates for visible range, client-side and server-side API, i18n support and more.
            Explore various timeline features yourself!
        </h:panelGroup>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/timeline/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="timeline"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
