<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="ResetInput"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            This example demonstrates an overview table with all persions and a detail view for person details.
            Click on a person name in the table to go to the corresponding detail view. This detail view has three input fields: Name (required), Tax Class (only number allowed), Birth Date (only date allowed).
            Type a wrong data, e.g. Tax Class as string instead of number, and push "Save" button. You will see a validation error.
            Both "cancel" buttons force a back navigation to the overview table. Try to click on the first "Regular Cancel" button and select another person in the table.
            You will see partially last shown data from the last selected person and not data from the current selected person.
            If Tax Class would not pass validation, Name and Birth Date from the last selected person would be shown. The second button with attached pe:resetInput solves this problem.
        </h:panelGroup>

        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <ui:include src="/sections/resetInput/example-masterDetailScenario.xhtml"/>
        </h:panelGroup>

        <ui:decorate template="/templates/threeTabsDecoratorModel.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/resetInput/example-masterDetailScenario.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/resetInput/AdvancedResetInputController.java')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab3">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/model/Person.java')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/resetInput/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="resetInput"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
