<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
      xmlns:showcase="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions/showcase">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="Timeline"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            If the attribute <strong>editable</strong> is true, the events can be created, edited (content), changed (start / end time) and deleted.
            Events can only be editable when the attribute <strong>selectable</strong> is true (default). Editable timeline can fire
            AJAX events <strong>select</strong>, <strong>change</strong>, <strong>edit</strong>, <strong>add</strong>, <strong>delete</strong>.
            The global editable setting can be overwritten for individual events by setting boolean true or false in field "editable" (see TimelineEvent model class).
            <p/>
            <i>How to create, edit, change and delete events?</i> When the timeline is defined as editable, events can be moved to another time by dragging them
            (first, select an event by mouse click and then drag it by mouse). When an event with a date range is selected, it has a drag area on the left and right side,
            with which the start or end dates of the event can be manipulated. By double clicking, the contents of an event can be edited.
            An event can be deleted by clicking the "Delete" icon on the upper right (first, select an event by mouse click and then click on the "Delete" icon).
            A new event can be added in different ways: by double clicking in the timeline, or by keeping the Ctrl key down and clicking or dragging in the timeline,
            or by clicking the "Add" button in the timeline navigation bar (visible when "showButtonNew" is set to true).
            <p/>
            The Timeline component in this example contains editable events which can be manipulated by using of the client-side API (widget's methods).
            The most important widget's methods for event manipulations are <strong>addItem()</strong>,
            <strong>changeItem()</strong> and <strong>deleteItem()</strong>.
            The operation on event can be canceled by calling the methods <strong>cancelAdd()</strong>,
            <strong>cancelChange()</strong> and <strong>cancelDelete()</strong>.
            This is useful when the operation needs to be approved.
            <p/>
            Another feature which is demonstrated here, are read-only events. Events are made read-only on an individual basis (see TimelineEvent model class).
            Notice, that we also defined a style class "readonly" to highlight read-only events with a red color.
            <p/>
            Press the button "Submit" to send all changes and save them on the server-side. We take advantage of the
            <strong>pe:remoteCommand</strong> and the Json converter <strong>pe:convertTimelineEvents</strong> to submit current events
            retrieved by widget's method <strong>getData()</strong>. The converter is needed because <strong>getData()</strong>
            retrieves an array of current data (events) as an JSON string.
            The converter is also needed to convert displayed dates in user's local time zone to the server-side's UTC.
            <p/>
            <strong>Note:</strong> The content of events may contain additional HTML formatting. The demonstrated approach can be
            used when the <strong>data</strong> attribute in the TimelineEvent (model class) is a String. The <strong>data</strong>
            contains the event's content then.
        </h:panelGroup>
        
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
<!-- EXAMPLE-SOURCE-START -->
<p:growl id="growl" showSummary="true" showDetail="true" autoUpdate="true"/>
            
<h:panelGrid columns="4" columnClasses="formColumn">
    <p:inputTextarea id="textArea" rows="2" autoResize="false" style="width:350px; cursor:text;"/>
    <p:commandButton value="Add" type="button" onclick="add()"/>
    <p:commandButton value="Change" type="button" onclick="change()"/>
    <p:commandButton value="Delete" type="button" onclick="remove()"/>
</h:panelGrid>

<pe:timeline id="timeline" value="#{editClientTimelineController.model}"
             editable="true" showButtonNew="true"
             timeZone="#{editClientTimelineController.timeZone}"
             widgetVar="timelineWdgt" style="margin-top:10px;">
    <pe:javascript event="select" execute="showContent()"/>
    <pe:javascript event="add" execute="showContent()"/>
    <pe:javascript event="delete" execute="timelineWdgt.cancelDelete(); confirmWdgt.show();"/>
</pe:timeline>

<p:commandButton value="Submit" type="button" style="margin-top:15px;"
                 onclick="updateData(timelineWdgt.getData())"/>
<p:commandButton value="Show current timeline model" process="@none" update="timeline"
                 style="margin:15px 0 0 5px;" title="Check if the model has been updated"/>            

<pe:remoteCommand id="updateData" name="updateData" process="@this" update="growl"
                  actionListener="#{editClientTimelineController.updateData}">
    <pe:methodSignature parameters="java.util.List"/>
    <pe:methodParam name="events">
        <pe:convertTimelineEvents timeZone="#{editClientTimelineController.timeZone}"/>
    </pe:methodParam>
</pe:remoteCommand>
            
<p:confirmDialog message="Are you sure you want to delete the selected event?"
                 header="Delete confirmation" appendToBody="true"
                 severity="alert" widgetVar="confirmWdgt">            
    <p:commandButton value="Delete" type="button" onclick="confirmWdgt.hide(); removeAfterConfirm();"/>
    <p:commandButton value="Cancel" type="button" onclick="confirmWdgt.hide()"/>            
</p:confirmDialog>
            
<p:dialog widgetVar="infoTipWdgt" header="Attention" appendToBody="true">
    <p>You can not change or delete read-only events!</p>
</p:dialog>
<!-- EXAMPLE-SOURCE-END -->
<ui:include src="/sections/timeline/editClientJS.xhtml"/>
<ui:include src="/sections/timeline/editClientCSS.xhtml"/>
        </h:panelGroup>
        
        <ui:decorate template="/templates/threeTabsDecoratorJSCSS.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/timeline/editClient.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
${showcase:getFileContent('/org/primefaces/extensions/showcase/controller/timeline/EditClientTimelineController.java')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab3">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/timeline/editClientJS.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab4">
${showcase:getFileContent('/sections/timeline/editClientCSS.xhtml')}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/timeline/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="timeline"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>